**W*IP***

## The Document Object
- Document is already included in the browser: refers to the HTML
- `console.dir(document)` bring the HTML from the point of view of javascript: object
  - e.g. `document.title` HTML의 title 찍어주기
  - JavaScript is already configured to read, add,  HTML (done automatically) = javascript is already connected to HTML
- We are looking at our HTML from the point of view of JavaScript
- document is literally your website. 

- **document is magical object that is given to us by browser to interact with HTML**
- JS를 통해서 브라우져와 communication을 할 수 있고 그를 통해서 html을 변경할 수 있는거에요. server와 client사이에 주고받는것은 JS을 통해 이루어지지 html을 통해 이루어지지 않아요.
- HTML은 그저 glue 역할

<br/>

## HTML in JavaScript
- grab one specific thing `document.getElementById("id")`
- `console.dir()`  object representation of the element.(open up more details)
- **grabbing this html(on html file) by javascript, then showing object on its own way.**

<br/>

## Searching for Elements
- `document.querySelector(".hello h1")` allows you to search for an element using css notation.
  - 여러개라면 첫번째것 returns only the first element
- 여러개는 `document.querySelectorAll("")` > [h1, h1, h1] an array of elements that matches condition.

<br/>

## Events
- event: when i click, enter, cursor, ..., js can listen to them.
- `title.addEventListener("click", function)` have to specify which event you care about.
  - when "click"ed, we want to execute the "function"
- parrenthesis in the function `()` means press play immediately.
- we don't want to play the function imm. we want to pass just the function name to js then press play instead of us when clicked.
- **don't put parenthesis in the callback**

### which event name
mdn or `console.dir()` on- eventlistener (use w/o 'on')



